hey how's it going Dave 2d here so the
p20 and the p20 pro are phones that you
probably know by now because of their
cameras the p20 pro in particular has
the highest score in the smartphone
market right now so I'm gonna focus most
of this video on the p20 Pro not so much
the p20 still a great phone still a
great camera but my experience that I
want to talk about is with the p20 Pro
okay before we get into the camera I
want to spend like a minute talking with
the phone as a whole AMOLED screen is
really nice it's bright and the colors
are on point at first I was disappointed
at the lower resolution it's not a 1440p
screen
it's a 1080p screen but I think they
made the right choice because for one it
extends battery life and the image looks
really really good on the screen despite
the lower resolution the other thing I
really like about this phone is the
battery life if they claim it to be a
2-day battery I wouldn't go so as far as
to call it that but it'll easily pass
one day of battery life even with heavy
use the cure 970 in here isn't the
fastest chip out there the snapdragon
845 is faster but it is still a really
fast chip if I'm being honest though I
feel like this chip does the camera
a little bit you lose stuff like image
stabilization at higher frame rates and
higher resolutions but it is a fast and
powerful chip otherwise the software
emui
I don't love it there's still some
duplicate apps but for skin it's not bad
the last I want to talk about is the
color of the device so a lot of the
publications and videos that you've seen
have the Twilight color which looks
really good in photos and even better in
videos but realistically speaking it's a
very obnoxious color like if you think
you've actually buying one of these
things for personal use I'd go for a
black or blue and maybe skin it because
that Twilight color is just it's loud
okay the camera the reason why even got
this phone was because of the camera
it's gotten a ton of praise from
publications and based on the DxO mark
it's gonna be a better camera than the
pixel to excel and the galaxy s 9 plus
but I have to use this thing for three
weeks I gotta say it's a great camera
but it's not for me let me explain why
now first there's one really cool thing
about this camera system
it's the low-light photography a lot of
companies talk a big toss when it comes
to low-light photos but the p20 pro is
phenomenal for low-light images it uses
something called night shot and the way
that works is that you hold your camera
still for a little bit it collects some
image data software analyzes it and in
terms
to this really clean image it's really
impressive to me and it seems pretty
simple but it's super smart and I
wouldn't be surprised if other phone
companies just rip this idea off because
it is really good now the camera on the
whole is a very good camera but the
image processing can be way too
aggressive for my taste
whenever there's a face in the photo in
portrait or even in photo mode whatever
they're applying to the image just
doesn't look good to me the faces look
really plastic to me and even the skin
tone feels off the pixel too and the
s-line plus cameras have this nice
warmth to the skin not that it's like a
reddish warmth or anything like that
there's just like there's something
about the skin that looks more natural I
guess on the s9 and the pixel to accel
cameras on the p20 Pro there's this
greeny waxy tint to the skin of these
issues are even more pronounced with my
kid now he's really young a lot of
facial expression when you're young
comes from the subtle lighting
differences on the skin and the p20 Pro
removes a lot of it and this is what the
beauty level set to zero which I
honestly think is the big problem if
it's set to zero it should be zero like
it shouldn't exist at all but you can't
remove it like you can't disable that
beautifying feature from the automatic
bones you can remove it if you're
willing to shoot raw in pro mode but
that means you have to spend the time to
dial in each photo and then tweak your
raw file and post but that's just not
what most people want that's certainly
not what I want I want a camera that can
take a good photo particularly of skin
in automatic mode and this camera just
doesn't do it very well now I've been
told that in the Asian market there's
this obsession with having perfect skin
when it comes to smartphone camera so
they have this big emphasis on skin
smoothing but there should be the
ability to turn it off completely and
there isn't because even at zero there's
a pretty thick coat of like beauty sauce
or whatever they're putting on this
thing now the camera in daylight photos
is also a little over sharp and
sometimes and I'm gonna crop it again to
show it but if there's an area of very
high contrast something just looks off
it's just too sharp it just looks
artificial and it's a look that I think
some people might like but again it's
just not for me fortunately this isn't
in every photo most of the daylight
photos it took it looked really good but
I wouldn't say that they looked
significantly better than the photos it
took on the pixel to excel or the
Samsung s 9 Plus which was a little
weird because that DXL mark was just so
much higher than the other two camera so
I thought there would be a significant
difference but I didn't really
to be one I'm not saying that the p20
Pro is a bad camera or a bad phone far
from it I think it's a great camera I
think it's a great phone but I think
that DXL mark score is not really
representative of how good the camera
actually is so when you look at DxO mark
I mean mark has did a great video on
this but it's like they're trying to
create an objective rating for
smartphone cameras but it has its
limitations the processing that you're
seeing in this camera clearly excels
that's going well in the test but for
the images that I take I just don't find
the images to look all that pleasing so
if you're someone that takes a lot of
low-light photos this is a great camera
it's probably the best camera for
low-light photos but if you're someone
that takes photos and you don't mind
some heavy-handed processing also a
great camera also a great phone but if
you're someone that takes a lot of
photos of people like if you have family
members friends or if you're a parent
and you take a lot of photos of your
kids I just don't think it's the ideal
camera for it I would recommend the
pixel to excel or the Samsung S 9 plus
because those have better cameras to me
for a human skin okay hope you guys
enjoy this video thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]